Group Meeting 2
Date 26/3/2020

Chair: Eoin Durkin
secretary: Ruairi Caldwell

Full Attendance
Apologies (None)

Update from Each team member -

Ruairi: Piece Class is finished, significant progress made on rules class, certainly at a point where others can interact with it.

Eamon :  made an array, to play around with pieces, started his interface going to continue work on that,
going to work on function which takes traditional chess input and translates it to array co-ordinate - eg A8 -> 0,0

Harry : starting work on a the board class which will display the board and move the pieces around, has been doing reserach on this

Jack - Has been thinking about how to implement the computer player
Now that the rules class is usable, jack can now start making progress on the "computer" player.

Eoin - Has been doing research around how the game can be coded, going to start working on checkmate functionality and possibly
other specialised rules such as en passant if time permits


General Discussion - 

Talked about how we will manage source control, we have elected to use GitHub and Eamon has made a repository for us to contribute to 
https://github.com/GoToChess/OOP-C-
We discussed how code will have to be made into header files for portability.
Ruairi spent some time explaining how the Piece class works to others as people needed to use it.
Good feedback was given on what was done of the Rules class so far.
We spent time discussing how the classes would interact and the general control flow of the game
to ensure that all functionality is covered for the game to be complete. 
We decided we would need to update eachother as early as possible if functionality vital to the running of the game had
been missed in the planning but we are fairly confident we have all sitautions thought of.

finding video meetings to be a bit more difficult to communicate compared to discussions in person.

Everyone knows their Class now and will continue to work on it updating to Github as progress is made.